# CS-305-8-1-Portfolio

The company was Global Rain and the client had been Artemis Financial, which was a consulting company that develops individual financial plans for their customers. The list goes on from savings, retirement, and even insurance. The issue that they wanted me to address was the security of their public web interface. They wanted something in order to protect the client data and financial information of their customers. 

What I did well was implement a system in order to check that the software was working correctly to ensure that the program was working well. I did this because it’s important to test and make sure that the checksum is working well and that there are no issues arising. Software security is important because in a previous model as we discussed the company could end up losing millions of dollars, even sued by people because of the loss of their money and lack of protection. This is something that could drastically harm a company's reputation as well as financially.

The part of the vulnerability assessment that was the most challenging for me was just trying to figure out and look over the differences between code error and code quality. These two are very similar although different in their ways, while I found the chart overall to be very helpful.

Ways that I increased the layers of security by adding a checksum verification - a unique identification code. However, what I truly did as well in the backend was set up a password with a username as well that was required in order to access this website. In the future, I feel as though I could potentially secure it far better than this and plan to do so by adding more layers of security - like potentially a password when the website does pop up as a secondary method of protection.

To make sure the code and software application were functional and secure what I did was test it over and over. I had to in order to make sure that it worked, considering that it was difficult at first to figure it out - although going through and building up to it in previous modules is what helped a lot. How we learned it on a day-by-day basis and after refracting the code, I managed to see the new vulnerabilities through a dependency check which helped out a lot to access any weak points that my program may have had.

In order to practice code I plan on using LeetCode more to get the hang of learning even more, considering I feel as though my experience needs to be touched on when it comes to the languages. Things that I might show future employers from this assignment are the way the dependency check was performed, along with how it was capable of making a secured webpage when it came to this assignment. The screenshots too that I have saved up showcase this in order to display the experience that I have.
